[Music]
twelve strange facts from around the
world that confused 98% of tourists it's
no secret that what's normal in one
country would be considered totally
bizarre in another so we've collected
some of the most interesting facts about
different countries some of them will
definitely surprise you number one in
Germany guests break porcelain objects
before the wedding
there's an interesting wedding tradition
in Germany called polterabend
the night before the wedding the
soon-to-be newlyweds throw an informal
get-together where guests often show up
with gifts the peak of this wedding eve
party is the guests breaking porcelain
and sometimes ceramic items such as
flower vases dishes and the lightning
pretty much everything can be broken
except glass which they believe
symbolizes happiness after everything
has been shattered the couple has to
clean the mess up themselves
it shows the - the significance of being
United and working together through any
possible difficulties of married life
Germans sometimes combined the wedding
itself and the polterabend so that the
smashing happens during the reception
sounds fun
[Music]
number two people in Russia have a
moment of silence before any trip
there's a very popular tradition and
superstition in Russia to sit in silence
for about five to ten seconds before
leaving the house to go on a trip even
if just one person is traveling the
whole family sits down this tradition
comes from the Russian belief that in
every home
there's a house spirit called the DOMA
voice it's the keeper of the house and
it hates when someone leaves that's why
you have to sit down for a moment to
trick the spirit and show that you're
not in any hurry to leave if it's a good
DOMA boy it may even give you some sign
that you shouldn't go like throwing
something on the floor or whispering
some advice in your ear therefore you
have to be silent so you can listen to
the house spirit number three in Spain
people celebrate the New Year by eating
12 grapes this is a tradition and even
superstition among Spanish people as the
bell strikes twelve times at midnight
everyone around the table starts eating
their twelve grapes one for each of the
chimes and for every month of the
upcoming year the goal is to eat all of
them as the bells ring if you manage to
do so congratulations
you'll have a fortunate year there's
also a belief that if a grape is sweet
the month it symbolizes will be a good
one and sour ones indicate a bad month
cheating and shoving all the grapes in
your mouth at once doesn't count it's
considered unlucky cool tradition right
I think I might try it this new year
number four Japan has a strict waist
size rule in January 2008 Japan passed
the metabolome to fight obesity and its
associated illnesses according to the
law there's a waist size limit for
Japanese citizens aged 40 to 74 it's
thirty three point five inches for men
and thirty five point four inches for
women and these numbers didn't just come
out of the blue they're identical to
thresholds established in 2005 for Japan
by the International Diabetes Federation
as a guideline for identifying health
risks so now as a part of their annual
checkups men and women in this age group
have to get their waists measured if
they're bigger than the established norm
they should seek medical advice kinda
iffy but at least the government is
trying to help number five in Denmark
your family and friends throw cinnamon
at you if you're single at 25 it's a
hard-knock life when you're a single
adult constant pressure from everyone
around can drive you crazy but people in
Denmark take it to a whole new level
if you turn 25 there and you're still a
single Pringle you get tied to a chair
or lamppost while your friends and
family cover you in cinnamon from head
to toe
this tradition allegedly goes back
hundreds of years when spice salesmen
would travel the world and couldn't stay
in one place long enough to start a
family turn 30 things get even worse the
cinnamon is replaced by pepper as if the
single life wasn't hard enough
[Music]
number six you can hire a stripper to
dance at a funeral in Taiwan it's no big
deal for people in Taiwan to get some
pole dancers or strippers to dance for
the dead at a Funeral whole dancers even
perform at religious festivals in some
areas to appease the wandering spirits
this morbid strip show usually costs
around $800 the tradition is still alive
and well today just recently there were
about 50 dancers in black bikinis
parading the streets for a deceased
politician hey no judgment here to each
his own number 7 me you uses Pokemon and
Star Wars money the small Polynesian
island of MU an associated sovereign
state of New Zealand has some pretty
awesome currency it's coins are actually
engraved with Disney Pokemon and Star
Wars characters they have Darth Vader
Master Yoda Princess Leia and that's not
even the whole list you can also buy
such coins on eBay for about $30 of
course the New Zealand dollar is also
legal tender on the island but who wants
that when you can have Star Wars and
Pokemon money right number 8 the
calendar in Ethiopia is 7 years behind
the rest of the world by now the whole
world has adopted the Gregorian calendar
consisting of a year with 365 days and
366 for leap years
Nadia Theo Pia they decided to stick to
the Coptic calendar which has 13 months
instead of 12 and 12 months out of those
13 consists of 30 days each the final
13th month is called the inter calorie
month and has only 5 days
Ethiopians celebrate the New Year on
September 11th and for them right now
it's not 2018 but only 2010 so is it
time travel if I go to Ethiopia just
asking number 9 you can legally marry a
dead person in France this interesting
concept is called a posthumous marriage
and is practiced not only in France but
also in Sudan in China it dates back to
the first world war when girlfriends and
fiance's of fallen soldiers wanted to
make their relationship official even
though it was so tragically cut short
since then the requests just kept on
coming and in 1950 the French
legally clarified the ritual the process
is rather complex French citizens first
have to send their request to the
president who forwards it to the
Minister of Justice if the family of the
deceased approves the marriage the
request is sent back to the president
during the wedding ceremony the bride or
groom stands beside the photo of their
deceased lover there's no till death do
us part in the valve and I do is
replaced with I did number 10
everyone in Vietnam has the same
birthday every Vietnamese person shares
the same birthday as their family
friends and everyone else in the country
birthdays in Vietnam aren't celebrated
on the actual day of birth instead
people celebrate their birthdays on the
new year which is called Tet wind on
pork Tet for short it follows the moon
cycle and usually falls between January
21st and February 19th so people in
Vietnam give their age as that of the
lunar symbol of the year they were born
Vietnamese families usually celebrate
Tet for at least three days or sometimes
even longer it's like a huge
cross-country birthday party cool number
eleven babies in India are dropped from
a 50-foot Tower for good luck there's a
bizarre tradition in the district of
Seoul upper in western India maybe's
there are dropped off the roof of a
50-foot tall shrine to fall on a
stretched-out sheet up by a group of men
waiting at the bottom this supposedly
brings good health and luck to the child
according to the legend a saint advised
people whose children were dying to
build a shrine and drop their babies
from the roof to show their trust in the
Almighty when they did so the babies
were miraculously cradled to safety in a
sheet that appeared out of nowhere and
that's how the tradition was born the
people of the musty village have been
practicing this ritual for about five
hundred years without harming a single
baby
[Music]
number 12 handsome men can wipe your
tears in Japan back to Japan once again
Japan is a fascinating country for lots
of reasons
and here's another there's a company
called iki Macedon sheet which basically
means handsome weeping boys and you can
pay to have one of their gorgeous men
wipe away your tears as you want some
heart-wrenching movie oh the company's
owner says the unusual idea came from
the fact that crying can be therapeutic
and everyone needs a shoulder to cry on
the price for the service is about 65
dollars and you can pick the guy
yourself let's just hope the company
will expand globally what's the most
interesting fact about your country tell
us in the comments below don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and subscribe to our
channel if you want to stay on the
bright side of life with us until next
time
[Music]